I feel like na has way worse mechanics
and I don't know if it's because of the
pink so they don't have as efficient
practice in soloqueue or they don't play
enough or they just suck second day of
riff travels right now I'm joined right
now by yang Coast with coverage
presented by Lisa - talk a little bit
about how things are shaping up so G -
looking quite possibly like the best
team at rift rivals right now at least
that's what it seems I don't know how
you feel I mean I feel like we play kind
of fine but we made a lot of mistakes
especially day one against one hand
Tiff's I felt like it could have ended
the game way sooner and we missed play
couple of teamfight so we just felt too
cocky and we were just you know dive for
kids instead of trying to finish the
game but today we kind of showed up and
we want to also I'm really happy with
that but to be honest the first two days
are not as important as the bo5 so we
still need to perform well tomorrow it's
interesting cuz you're making it sound
like this this event is like you're here
to win the event or as I talked to a lot
of players who are enjoying the event or
they are trying to learn from the event
whereas you're like it all comes down to
tomorrow right it's like that's the
final state that's the day that matters
I mean it's not like if I would lose you
know I would be like yeah it's so fun
you know I can just have steel in their
life but obviously like the losers would
say you know that they're doing the
event but I think it's kind of through I
think that we came here to practice and
not only to win I've been winning the
event and showing that you is better
it's like something we want to do for
sure but also we came here and we want
to kind of learn from and a teams as
well and we want to improve for the
summer split of you LCS because to be
honest this tournament in the big
picture it doesn't matter at all
and we want to shop show up in Europe
and we want to win a European playoffs
the last time we got stung by fnatic and
right now we look like a better team
didn't fnatic we did beat them last week
but I still think we have a lot to
improve on and I hope we will you know
get some experience from an a it is also
like Phil's first international event or
like an heaven we even where we don't
play in Europe so so far is looking not
too bad well I want to ask you you said
learning from na a friend of mine said
that he's he feels as a rift
Bibles is becoming teamliquid verse EU
LCS that it's just them sort of standing
up and trying to hold the line
you guys just beat them of course but
what what do you think of that statement
I mean I think it's kind of true even
though I felt like we had way more
issues against Mahan tips then we had
against him liquid
I think after screaming teen Team Liquid
also we felt like this is by far the
best on a team and they are also really
good scream partners because they are
like practicing macro and they are
playing on stage like in screams you
know they don't do for they don't look
for stupid place and they just kind of
play smart and they are too cocky that
so I'm happy with that
but also I feel like na has way worse
mechanics and I don't know if it's
because of the pink so they don't have
as efficient practice in soloqueue or
they don't play enough or they just suck
but like for sure like I could feel that
you know we have players like W that are
really insane I know you know no matter
where where he plays but we have also
players that are just not as good and
you can feel it in game where they just
can't throw the skill shot it's like so
easy to do quit or even in soloqueue and
on challenger level you just feel like
so much easier than compared to you like
how you give an example of good players
but you didn't give an example of a bad
player like there's good people like
doublelift and then there's other
players not calling anybody out for that
i mean yeah i will not say any names
because there are we a lot of them so
i'll just think though some of them are
just not as good as european
counterparts that's how I feel you know
what it's incredible is that the EU
trash talk has evolved to a point where
like it used to be like yeah the the na
teams suck or whatever now you guys just
speak matter-of-factly about it you're
like yeah we're over here practicing and
it's just hard because like the teams
aren't very good so you just like you
just throw it out there like it's
nothing you know I mean I think um if
this interview to take place like three
days ago and it'll be like you know
previous interview show and I would say
like hey and then sucks that would be
like kind of good to say like right now
after we went 300 and me like bashing on
and eight teams and like saying that you
know this player is bad this play is bad
this display shouldn't play jangly he
should the role I began something I
shouldn't say because it's just a little
bit disrespectful because you know
opening your mouth after you in is like
easy
kind of
but also we have still one more day
tomorrow to play and I'm pretty sure as
in fnatic will dominate so at least I
can say that now that you've made that
prediction I mean I was like the Shope
and I know you guys probably don't catch
the chopin bit like jatt resident north
american he predicted all the EU teams
to win today which just felt like a stab
in the back a little bit it hurt it hurt
you know one of the it's interesting to
me because I think Perks brought the
same topic up in my interview yesterday
where he was like speculating why is it
that the na LCS players have worse
mechanics is this something you guys are
talking about behind the scenes like
this is a conversation on on g2 I mean
it was a conversation in g2 but also
when you look for example at the midlane
role I feel like cops and paddocks are
like miles ahead compared to anyone
anyone else in this tournament when it
comes to like just a row skill you know
how can they play certain champions and
even though caps is ending a lot because
he's just making stupid decisions and he
wants to oddly people too much I still
feel like you know if he gets rid of
that he's like one of the best mid
laners and same goes for paddocks like
they are just like so much better so I
mean I don't know why it happens like I
said maybe la is just too much of what
she'll city and they just don't spend
enough time actually like practicing at
the game also when I spoke to Pauly said
that in an a he feels like team when
you're better than the other team let's
say team a is better than Team B then
every player from Team a would be like
really happy but he wouldn't want to
show you know one of the opposite
players that he's like actually better
at the role you know so instead of
pushing each other to become better like
you know we do in Europe usually they
just kind of cept that you know my team
is just better so I'm better as well so
it's just like instead of they just get
carried they're willing to be accepted
basically getting carried by the rest of
their team rather than like trying to
surmount that player I mean as well but
also maybe they just don't want to like
they don't feel like they could be
better because you know that team is
better like basically they look at the
opponent opposite player and they feel
like they are better even though they
want as a team and not as individual you
know for example Wonderware was stomping
every line
in unity travels and you know he's
pushing himself a lot to play better and
same goes for paddocks you know I still
remember spring speed finals when he
would get 1v1 bite caps I will not say
the Moi's because he'll be mad at me but
you got 1v1 bite caps and you know now
he's like playing so much better as well
so I'm really happy that all of us are
still trying playing a lot of solo queue
and just kind of you know not being too
bothered the game and you know trying to
still improve you almost mind makes it
sound like you think any players just
kind of become complacent like they just
decide like this is how I am and they
don't try to like really push themselves
further you know this is a word which I
learned from probably last year actually
he was trying to kind of explain the
same thing as you just did so yeah I
mean I have to agree on that maybe you
know they you know they live in a nice
City you know they have a lot of girls
they just kind of you know the way that
is great Allah is great food is great by
the way food food is like oh my god like
yesterday I went home this is so good
you go yesterday I went for like Wagyu
steak yeah I know this is just the food
and everything is so good but I also ate
a lot of fast food and just junk food so
I like the food my team doesn't like the
food so much as I do but maybe I'm just
like a fat skinny person if that makes
sense you know but yeah I mean it's just
so fun here see imagine you love the
food here
imagine me I eat this food all the time
and then I have to go to Berlin for MSI
and I'm just like well I'll take the
beef and potatoes I guess like it's it's
a struggle visiting Europe for me I mean
it's I don't think our food is that much
worse but I just think that in LA
there's so many restaurants and you can
choose from so many things and it's the
same when you order you know when you
order stuff stuff in Europe usually have
to limit yourself to sushi or kebab or
pizza or you know maybe that's it even
and then in LA you can just order
everything you know Korean barbecue kind
of Japanese Barbie just everything just
like everything so it's fun you know I
like LA a lot I mean I've been here I'm
here second time now I was last time I
was here on all-star last year and I
like it a lot luckily a lot of a lot of
you LCS players like la la
this is what I've noticed there's quite
a few that decide to come over here and
live over here would you ever consider
like this is the interesting thing I
talked to perks about this - perks like
loves everything around LA he's like
well it's super hot today but generally
speaking he like loves the weather he's
like it's so nice like so many cool
people the food is so good and I asked
him like would you move over here and
join LCS he's like maybe not for a
couple years but and then he was like oh
but the solo queue is so bad so he's
like actually I'm never gonna move here
because the solar queue yeah I mean the
silic is really bad it's not even
because of the ping at least for me
because my team is like complaining a
lot when we are sitting and just like
playing they're just complaining so much
it's so I'm lying about the solo queue
because of the pink but I just feel like
the players that it's bad you know
I don't feel like the ping is the
problem I just feel like the players
themselves are like worse when you go to
for example to Korea I think that's like
the highest solo queue standards you
know everyone's just trying really hard
and everyone is like really good at the
game and you can actually like learn
from people in Europe I feel like a lot
of people trying and a lot of them are
really good as well so normally the
quality of the game is not too bad even
though there's like some games that are
just you know F having ten because
compared to an A in Europe we surrender
a lot when we see that the game is over
but in the night they just right it's
winnable and I've heard that became a
meme like in pro players area where you
know it's winnable it's even about even
though it's a lost but also I feel like
the players are just like not as good
and maybe it's because of the ping or
maybe it's because of something else and
there's so many one things as well so
yeah the solo queue is bad the Salukis
play the worst experience but everything
else is great so you know it's a
sacrifice
well wrapping us up but I do want to
just go back to one thing you were
saying so you you have a theory that
maybe like life in LA is so nice and so
comfortable that players might be
distracted by this this is crazy to me
because one thing I will say is like
players that here do nothing except for
play League of Legends like the triple
blocks they do all this stuff I know
from Europe like players go out and they
go drinking and they like party after
LCS is done and and you mentioned girls
a lot of the guys over here just get
girlfriends but like over there like I
hear a lot of the guys go out and party
and have a good time so like it's crazy
to me to hear like an EU players
implying that like na players are like
just livin it up over here so maybe
like example from my team but I don't
feel like I mean okay you know we have a
lot of like not the best team see the
light if we will have real drivers and
we will have 10 teams against 10 teams
maybe it would look different and also
we don't actually know if your robe is
better we will see tomorrow but I just
feel like sakis works for sure and I
feel like even though sometimes you
scream 3 blocks their screams are just
so bad like unbelievable like like I had
Tim Lee quit no so good like insane
there's they are like the best scream
partners I could scream them every day
you know so insane like it's me fees as
Malaga and stuff but then you scream
different teams and like some of them
are just not as good you know and I
think this is because the whole region
is just like a la a little bit like
lower level it's not a big difference
you know it's not like as as as extreme
as maybe it sounds and so I think you
know maybe after the drivers when a lot
of the teams like what Yves and Tim
liquid and echo focuses well the teams
that were here they will I kind of pick
up and they were like learn a little bit
from Europe or maybe we will learn a
little bit from an a I think both
regions will be stronger again so I over
all like tournaments just kind of you
know both regions fighting each other
well at the same time I feel like you
know we are still like behind Korea and
we will see at Worlds and yeah you know
I don't be too cocky because we are
winning now but you know last split
fnatic just destroyed us like I said so
I'm happy that we are trying and you
know Anna is still good so don't you
worry guys you know they will pick up
the slack probably and keep in mind this
tournament doesn't matter at all and
yeah I'm just
enjoy enjoy life again well thank you so
much for the interview really appreciate
it for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I want to thank only slash so much for
their support because you know what like
it is the travel cost you guys know how
expensive it was for me to cover MSI the
travel cost to come to rift rivals it's
just insane I I don't know
that's it's amazing that they're helping
me out but if you want help out you can
click the links below and just that's
the type of stuff that it will pay for
me to be able to afford to go to rift
rival so thanks so much